Update ome-version-comparison.md (#4262)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ome-version-comparison.md

> Exchange Online includes Information Rights Management (IRM) functionality that provides online and offline protection of email messages and attachments. By default, Exchange Online uses Azure Azure Information Protection. However, your organization may have configured Exchange Online IRM to use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Service (AD RMS). AD RMS support in Exchange Online is retiring. Instead, Azure Information Protection will replace AD RMS entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Online includes Information Rights Management (IRM) functionality that provides online and offline protection of email messages and attachments. By default, Exchange Online uses Azure Information Protection. However, your organization may have configured Exchange Online IRM to use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Service (AD RMS). AD RMS support in Exchange Online is retiring. Instead, Azure Information Protection will replace AD RMS entirely.
```

### Instruction for AD RMS deprecation

> See [KB article 5001237]https://support.microsoft.com/help/5001237 to assess whether this impacts your organization.  The article provides recommendation on migation options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the topic [How to migrate AD RMS to Azure RMS in Exchange Online](https://support.microsoft.com/help/5001237) to assess whether this deprecation impacts your organization. The article provides recommendations on migration options.
```
